When we created the book class by extending the Item class all the properties and methods of the parent
Item class were inherited by the child book class.
So when we called the get listing description method on the book object the method that runs is this
one defined in the Item class.
But what if we want to change how this method works at the moment.
We're just returning a string with a value of the name property.
But in the book Child class we've added another property that we want to include in the description
too.
What we can do is copy this method from the Item class and paste it here in the Child class and then
we can add the additional Arthur property to the string that this method returns like that.
Then when we run this code the additional string is included in the return value.
This is called overriding a method.
We've changed how a method in the parent class works by overriding what it does in the Child class.
What if we want to access the parent classis version of this method though in the parent class.
This method just returns the value of the name property and in the book Class with just a pending something
to that.
So instead of repeating this instead let's replace it by calling the method we're overriding in the
parent.
We do that using the parent keyword followed by two columns and the name of the method.
This will call the method in the parent and return the value so we can append the Arthur property to
it.
When we were in the cold in the browser the results are the same.
One of the advantages of overriding a method like this and calling the parent kwasi is cold for any
code that doesn't change is that any changes to the parent code at art somatically included in the Child
class.
So for example if we add a prefix to the string this method returns in the parent class like that.
This is shown after magically in the Child class too.